feat: add support for unresolved expressions (#1063)
substrait-io/substrait: site/docs/types/type_parsing.md

```

Function types use the arrow syntax (`->`) to separate parameter types from the return type. For multiple parameters, use parentheses to group the parameter types. See [Lambda Expressions](../expressions/lambda_expressions.md) for more details on lambda expressions and their usage.

### Unknown Type

> The `unknown` type is written as `unknown` and may include the normal nullability marker:

Reviewer: minor wording change: I don't think we need to qualify the nullability indicator with "normal" in the docs. Also, for consistenct: it seems it is called an "indicator" in the docs above and not a "marker".

```suggestion
The `unknown` type is written as `unknown` and may include the nullability indicator:
```

Reviewer 2: I don't see much point to do the nullability with unknown because you will have to rederive nullability along with the conrete function binding etc, etc. It's just simpler to leave it as a pure hole without anything attached IMO.
